LIGHTHOUSE.md, before:

# Lighthouse

I use the [Chrome Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) tool to gauge the usability and optimisation of this app. Here, I list existing issues that a Lighthouse report flags.

## Desktop

### Performance: 99%

Even though the report is good on all primary measurements, there are some indirect points raised. Ignoring any local Chrome extension scripts such as React Devtools, the largest chunk JavaScript file is flagged as potentially being able to be split using `React.lazy()`. However, the nature of the app is a single page, loaded at the beginning.

Another potential optimisation is flagged around the cache TTL on assets such as images. However, Github Pages do not allow you to configure this.

### Progressive Web App: Fail

This app has not been configured as a PWA. Some work can be done so it heads in that direction.

### Best Practices: 92%

There are two images that can be improved by regenerating the images at the right dimensions to support pixel ratio. THese images are the main profile picture and the Github fork ribbon. The ribbon specifically is hosted elsewhere, so if there is no larger image available, a larger version of this ribbon may need to be hosted as part of the app instead.

### Accessibility: 97%

Minor issue here where the headings for H4 are used instead of H3.

### SEO: 100%

## Mobile

### Performance: 95%

The `Time to interactive` measurement was recorded as 4.1s. Code splitting can improve this, but requires investigation to see just how much of an improvement is gained due to the static all-data-loaded-at-once nature of the app.

### Progressive Web App: Fail

See the progressive web app section under desktop above.

### Best Practices: 92%

See the best practices section under desktop above.

### Accessibility: 97%

See the accessibility section under desktop above.

### SEO: 95%

An interesting issue raised here regarding the tap area of elements that are too small. The mobile-first approach of this app is easily adjusted to accommodate a change like this.

Commit message:

Convert ribbon to pure css component. Add larger profile pic. Implement styled components. Adjust config around github ribbon.

LIGHTHOUSE.md, after:

# Lighthouse

I use the [Chrome Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) tool to gauge the usability and optimisation of this app. Here, I list existing issues that a Lighthouse report flags.

## Desktop

### Performance: 99%

Even though the report is good on all primary measurements, there are some indirect points raised. Ignoring any local Chrome extension scripts such as React Devtools, the largest chunk JavaScript file is flagged as potentially being able to be split using `React.lazy()`. However, the nature of the app is a single page, loaded at the beginning.

Another potential optimisation is flagged around the cache TTL on assets such as images. However, Github Pages do not allow you to configure this.

### Progressive Web App: Fail

This app has not been configured as a PWA. Some work can be done so it heads in that direction.

### Best Practices: 92%

Changes have been made to two images to support pixel ratio:

1. The main profile picture - increased from 200px to 300px
2. The Github ribbon - converted to pure css component

### Accessibility: 97%

Minor issue here where the headings for H4 are used instead of H3.

### SEO: 100%

## Mobile

### Performance: 95%

The `Time to interactive` measurement was recorded as 4.1s. Code splitting can improve this, but requires investigation to see just how much of an improvement is gained due to the static all-data-loaded-at-once nature of the app.

### Progressive Web App: Fail

See the progressive web app section under desktop above.

### Best Practices: 92%

See the best practices section under desktop above.

### Accessibility: 97%

See the accessibility section under desktop above.

### SEO: 95%

An interesting issue raised here regarding the tap area of elements that are too small. The mobile-first approach of this app is easily adjusted to accommodate a change like this.
